[All hosts](shared runtime) add Word support (#3349)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/configure-your-add-in-to-use-a-shared-runtime.md

## Create the add-in project

> If you are starting a new project, use the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](yeoman-generator-overview.md) to create an Excel, Word, or PowerPoint add-in project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are starting a new project, use the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](yeoman-generator-overview.md) to create an Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project.
```

> Run the command `yo office --projectType taskpane --name my-office-add-in --host <host> --js true`, where `<host>` is one of the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the command `yo office --projectType taskpane --name my-office-add-in --host <host> --js true`, where `<host>` is one of the following values.
```

>     - excel
>     - powerpoint
>     - word

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- excel
- powerpoint
- word
```

    > [!NOTE]

>     > You can use different options for the **--projecttype**, **--name**, and **--js** command-line options. For the full list of options see [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > You can use different options for the **--projecttype**, **--name**, and **--js** command-line options. For the full list of options, see [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office).
```

    <DefaultSettings>
    ```

> [!NOTE]
> If your add-in is an Excel add-in with custom functions, be sure to remove the `CustomFunctionsRuntime` requirement.

1. Find the `<VersionOverrides>` section and add the following `<Runtimes>` section. The lifetime needs to be **long** so that your add-in code can run even when the task pane is closed. The `resid` value is **Taskpane.Url**, which references the **taskpane.html** file location specified in the ` <bt:Urls>` section near the bottom of the **manifest.xml** file.

>     > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: The first step in the "Configure the webpack.config.js file" section should say something like "...and open the add-in project you generated."

Author: Fixed.

>     > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: Seems like the final sentence at the end of the "Test your Office Add-in changes" section should start with "Each time you select the add-in's button,..." (i.e., "add-ins" should be "add-in's")

>     > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: In the "Runtime lifetime" section, it discusses that "long" is recommended for Excel add-ins. Should Word and PowerPoint also use "long"?

Reviewer: It also specifically mentions Excel (as the sample project, etc.). We may want to change that - maybe generically talk about add-in project but not Excel specifically unless required.

Author: Yes, I fixed to indicate this applies to Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.

    <DefaultSettings>
    ```

> > [!NOTE]
> > Don't add the shared runtime requirement for a Word add-in. It will cause an error when loading the add-in

Reviewer: Include the space so the numbering will continue
```suggestion
    > [!NOTE]
    > Don't add the shared runtime requirement for a Word add-in. It will cause an error when loading the add-in
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > For Word and PowerPoint add-ins do not use the shared runtime requirement or you will get an error when loading the add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > [!NOTE]
    > For Word and PowerPoint add-ins, don't set the shared runtime requirement or you'll get an error when loading the add-in.
```

You can confirm that you are using the shared JavaScript runtime correctly by using the following instructions.

1. Open the **taskpane.js** file.
1. Replace the entire contents of the file with the following code. This will display a count of how many times the task pane has been opened. Adding the onVisibilityModeChanged event is only supported in a shared JavaScript runtime.

    ```javascript
    /*global document, Office*/

    var _count = 0;

    Office.onReady(() => {
      document.getElementById("sideload-msg").style.display = "none";
      document.getElementById("app-body").style.display = "flex";

      updateCount(); //Update count on first open
      Office.addin.onVisibilityModeChanged(function (args) {
        if (args.visibilityMode === "Taskpane") {

>           updateCount(); //Update count on subsequent opens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          updateCount(); // Update count on subsequent opens.
```

   npm start
   ```

Each time you open the task pane, the count of how many times it has been opened will be incremented. The value of **_count** will not be lost because the shared runtime keeps your code running even when the task pane is closed.

## Runtime lifetime

When you add the `Runtime` element, you also specify a lifetime with a value of `long` or `short`. Set this value to `long` to take advantage of features such as starting your add-in when the document opens, continuing to run code after the task pane is closed, or using CORS and DOM from custom functions.

> [!NOTE]
> The default lifetime value is `short`, but we recommend using `long` in Excel, PowerPoint, and Word add-ins. If you set your runtime to `short` in this example, your add-in will start when one of your ribbon buttons is pressed, but it may shut down after your ribbon handler is done running. Similarly, your add-in will start when the task pane is opened, but it may shut down when the task pane is closed.

```xml

> <Runtimes>

Author: I removed the section. don't think it is needed anymore.
